Route population age handling through age-group labels (#344)
epiforecasts/socialmixr: NEWS.md

  additionally requires the participant- and contact-side dims to share the
  same levels, otherwise reciprocity is undefined and it aborts (#319).

* New `rebin_ages()` rebins a population table to a set of age groups

>   (summing for coarser bands, interpolating for finer). It operates on an

Reviewer: as above I don't think we should interpolate

  `age` column of age-group labels (as produced by `limits_to_agegroups()` or
  `assign_age_groups()`) and returns the same form, so it composes directly
  with the post-processing functions.

* New `align_ages()` aligns a population table to a contact matrix's
  groupings, returning the `survey_pop` data frame that `symmetrise()`,
  `split_matrix()` and `per_capita()` expect. Supply population with an `age`
  column of age-group labels (relabel raw `lower.age.limit` bands with

>   `limits_to_agegroups()`) plus a column per other grouping; `align_ages()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  column of age-group label, plus a column per other grouping; `align_ages()`
```
